French poem in main story.  This is to show a mixing of the dream story into reality (lots of silly songs):
  Mon, para-ti, vous...

Main story:
  Start second day:
    Door already unlocked ; "I must be late"
	Walk in, describe surroundings.
	  Everything is the same. <same is good blah blah>.
	  The floor, the stairs, the roaster in the corner, it's on
	  (later add something about the roaster billowing smoke and
	   Avril rushing to open the door...)
	  Then notice that one of the tables is in the wrong position.
	  Go to move it while Avril takes care of the customer before you.
	  Avril takes the man's order, then goes to the edge of the counter
	  to ask what you're doing.  Explain moving the table to it's rightful
	  spot... get in line as Avril is finishing the first customers drinks
	  Two medium vanilla lattes. One double-cupped.



Dream story:
  Pixel needs to do something with the other two birds (Dove and Pidgen).  Then
  Ugly and Yolo show up and Pixel just loses interest in the birds.
  Use the name Betelgeuse and Bellatrix?
  Maybe Castor, Altair, Gienah, Pollux, Vega?

  River of Sticks (sticky notes?, actual wood? yes.) - Because every
  Good journey needs an erie river crossing.  Can by symbolic of
  him crossing into the point of no return?

  Also, after the death, do the return journey too.  At the very
  end when everyhing is said and done, a tribute to Avril since
  she can no longer hear the tail.  Right after the tribute
  just lay on out the end where Ugly and the gang go back home.
  back to their normal lives.  And CUT.





Into the woods. A hike from the hikers parking lot.
Carrying hatchet.  Why? There could be debris to clear near the landslide.
Kill in that area.  Let her go first, help her down.
Hatchet to the back.  Wouldn't want to ruin that pretty face.
Take the heart from the body.  Eventually eat it.
Explain the nutritional value of the heart.

Reflection on the act.  Could have raped but wouldn't want to defile her
body.  Plus who wants a bloody dick?


Enter the symphony.  Dressed to the nines.  <descript>  calling it the "blank".
Also describe the similar "Oxford Comma" and suggest wanted attempt to pull
off the "Pumpkin Spice Latte" but are missing a few key pieces.

She tells about Crosby wanting to talk to her seriously about their relationship.
About building a platform for their relationship because "I think he loves me"
and curently built off <being caught up in the moment? give some of the history>.
"He's so mature" ... "I know,..."

She thinks she's not good enough for him. Doesn't understand why.

"If I thought you weren't going anywhere in life, do you really thinkg I'd
be your friend?"

"you're right"

"You know you can trust me on that."


Symphony begins (do something about the drinks as well please).
Halloween costumes.  Children crying behind.  The meastro (conductor??) is
dressed as dracula.  Where's Waldo (girl, blond, front seat, violin).
Only blond there.  "I like blonds". Mention that it's a bad seating for
Waldo to be in the very front.  She agrees.

The pope is on <instrument undecided>.
A pharo in the back, french horn?
Minions (Lemming I guess would be better) on the xylophone, cymbals, anddddd
triangles? What else is there?

Michael Mires (?Halloween?) on piano.  This prompts Avril to tell a story
about her mother.  "My mom can't listen to this song (playing the theme),
or watch the movies.  They freak her out.  Some guy, when she was in high
school, dressed up as that and they were at a drive-in movie and he went
around scaring everyone. It really freaked her out.  Scared for life.
Just can't do it." (whispered in ear while music playing)

Can we add something describing the flow music and the conductor
conducting it?

Keep describing what's happening, inserting /crechendo/ and others at key
points? Kinda cheesy though.


Dreams:
 Vermillion ; killing self.
 Avril and the dragon and the pillars and the island. (this makes sense right?)
 Use that last one I guess to make a "turning/snapping/twisting" in Quaid's
  mind.


I'm also thinking damage self after the killing.  Quaid drags on crying for help
finds a hiker.  Gets him to get the police.  Glaze over police questioning and
recovery and Crosby.  Thhhen to speaking at funeral.  Giving a good cry.


 
Nick random fact of the day
Food preservation has been almost entirely funded by the military.
This goes back even to the days of creatin.
My favorite is the Mongolians.
Big, scary dudes.
They needed a source of shelf protein for when they went on their conquests.
So they would take these big slabs of meat.
Animal or whoever crossed their path the day before
and they would lay it on their horse.
Place the saddle on top of that and sit on it.
So the weight would squeeze out the water from the meat,
The horse would keep it warm and the horse's sweat would salt it.
So over the course of a week or so they would have what is effectively
sweaty butt horse jerky.

I wouldn't want to fight those dudes.  I'd just say "come on in!"
"Take whatever you like."  Like Wooaah, you guys eat butt jerky
I'm not fighting you.

Toodle-ooo


Quaid drinks an ornate hour glass filled with red sand (the top pops open).  Upon drinking the old lady who gave it to him smiles.  Quaid wakes up in pure darkness.  A Light flickers on and he sees a gray skinned and black eyed version of himself crouching in front of him.  "Welcome to the dark side of dark." the other him hissed


Dreams should be the inverse of reality.  As Quaid bores of reality, his dreams get more detailed.
Should probably switch black and red.
I'm thinking red -> violet -> black -> blue? maybe yellow? -> white


Notebook needs to be hidden away the day of the happening.  His heart under the floorboards.
Glaze over what happened.  Explain the killing, glaze the cops and hospital.
Funeral hint at Sky's death also being caused by him.
Maybe act very removed? "they would" / "they'd" disconnection by acting as if events unacted.


Ugly story needs to be mingling with the nights.



This is getting long.  May need to summarize.  Cut Ugly?
Cut day1 and 2, instead use "flashbacks" in day3 to give context on Eric?
Or maybe rewrite to full summary "It all started with a dream..."?
